docs: add notes to when person properties are set (#13110)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/data/utm-segmentation.mdx

PostHog automatically captures any UTM parameters that are present when a user visits your website. These parameters are then set as properties in three places in PostHog.

1. As properties on the event
2. As **latest** and **initial** properties on the person profile
3. As **entry** session properties

> > **Note:** Person properties are set when person profiles are created or updated via events like `$set` or `$identify`. By default, only identified users have person profiles. See our [person properties documentation](/docs/product-analytics/person-properties#how-to-set-person-properties) and [anonymous vs identified events documentation](/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Setting person properties" type="fyi">

Person properties are set when person profiles are created or updated via events like `$set` or `$identify`. By default, only identified users have person profiles. See our [person properties documentation](/docs/product-analytics/person-properties#how-to-set-person-properties) and [anonymous vs identified events documentation](/docs/data/anonymous-vs-identified-events) for more details.

</CalloutBox>
```

Callout is a little better for these.
